hey fam it is Wednesday November 16th
there has been a lot of crazy new tech
coming out recently so we had like
snapchat spectacles we have the
Microsoft studio the cool swizzle screen
there's just new drones there's so many
things but it's all a distraction
because something cooler than all those
things just came out totally kidding
totally joking but that wasn't complete
sarcasm because I'm actually generally
excited about the new Apple book coffee
table book honestly I'm a sucker for
coffee table books I mean I have a good
deal I have a good deal of them this one
right here is my favorite coffee table
book ever it's all these iconic pictures
from like the mid 90s and then currently
on my actual coffee table um I have some
99 new magazines this is a cool book
that I got at a New Jersey Art Fair it's
just all these amazing pictures of the
United States one of my favorites from
Reykjavik um my trip to Iceland was by
far one of the best best ten days of my
life
anyways coffee table books are
conversation starters they are just
pretty to look at and pretty decoration
and today Apple released their book that
chronicles 20 years of Apple design they
said you know they made it in memory of
Steve Jobs it covers products from 1998
iMac to 2015
Apple pencil here's a Johnny I've quote
for you the idea of generally trying to
make something great for Humanity with
Steve's motivation from the beginning
and it remains both our ideal and our
goal as Apple looks to the future the
archive is intended to be a gentle
gathering of many of the products that
team has designed over the years we hope
it brings some understanding to how and
why they exist while serving as a
resource for students of all design
disciplines so are they trying to make
this like a like a school book like an
educational textbook hey students here's
another 300 dollar book you have to buy
y'all know I'm a sucker for white though
that looks so clean $200 for the small
$300 for the big this book is being
released to limited store locations but
I live in New York City so I should be
able to find a store that has one and of
course I'm gonna try to buy the big one
the 300 alert one
yeah $300 yes I'm an Apple fan girl and
got $300 should I really spend $300 I'm
okey-okey bag boards
oh no it's not charged
it's done
so the Apple store outfit out hasn't so
we're gonna take a adventure uptown I
hate going out tongues that means I have
to go through Midtown on my board which
it's just not fun
what you want to take a look at that
there's a bathroom a wall here
they want to the masses
holy crap
for some perspective of how big this is
my iPhone compared
so this is actually the smaller one it's
actually a normal-sized book
all right Sam I got the book
time to go home I mean back home what a
adventure look I got it I got a new
MacBook book they were actually out of
the large books
I thought the wires would be a normal
size coffee table book but the small so
this is smaller the large one is just
massive like you saw in the story so I'm
gonna unbox this thing show you some
cool pages from it
beautiful book here it is compared to a
Lacroix magazines iPhone it's such a
gorgeous book it is so cool to see the
evolution of things and to see the you
know the coloured huge IMAX that were in
schools and then to see the evolution of
the iPods iPods I remember that was like
the thing I always save up for it's a
new iPod and then at the click wheel the
iPod mini and an iPod
I forgot all their names I never around
a shuffle that I thought shuffles were
pretty dumb to think at one point Apple
was all about just Mac and the iPod and
that was about it and now to see him now
and to the insanity that is i phone
there's always been talk around Apple of
being overpriced for what you get but
the one thing that I love about Apple
it's not the case at the last night book
but it's just simple simplicity always
wins and they make products that just
look so good and they just always work
they just work and what they've done so
brilliantly is to develop this ecosystem
of just from your phone to your computer
to your laptops your watch that I just I
really enjoy and now that Apple is
getting comfortable and taking away all
of our ports from us it's interesting to
see companies like Microsoft releasing
the Microsoft studio on the Microsoft
Surface Studio yeah it's an exciting at
time for tech cool book is it worth $200
is it worth $300 for the big one who
knows it's up to you I know for me it's
something I enjoy flipping through and
looking at
and it's fine one like friends come over
and see it if you're a fellow Apple
fangirl fanboy I did post a iPhone 7
plus video test vlog thing around New
York City is a lot of fun to shoot and I
think it looks pretty darn good and then
I posted a recent vlog that's just it's
all the fall 5 so you need me to go
check it out until next time guys stay
peachy okay bye